owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = { railroad = 2 }

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = { railroad = 2 }

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = { railroad = 2 }

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = LAT
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = { railroad = 2 }

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
#add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 40
fort = 1
#state_building = {
#	level = 1
#	building = steel_factory
#	upgrade = yes
#}
#state_building = {
#	level = 1
#	building = lumber_mill
#	upgrade = yes
#}
1861.1.1 = {
	state_building = {
		level = 1
		building = fabric_factory
		upgrade = yes
	}
	state_building = {
		level = 1
		building = lumber_mill
		upgrade = yes
	}
	state_building = {
		level = 1
		building = furniture_factory
		upgrade = yes
	}   
}
1861.1.1 = { railroad = 2 }

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = { railroad = 2 }
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
state_building = {
	level = 1
	building = artillery_factory
	upgrade = yes
}
1861.1.1 = {
	state_building = {
		level = 1
		building = small_arms_factory
		upgrade = yes
	}
	state_building = {
		level = 1
		building = explosives_factory
		upgrade = yes
	}
}

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
#add_core = PLC
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
#add_core = PLC
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35
#state_building = {
#	level = 1
#	building = lumber_mill
#	upgrade = yes
#}
state_building = {
	level = 1
	building = steel_factory
	upgrade = yes
}
1861.1.1 = {
	state_building = {
		level = 1
		building = lumber_mill
		upgrade = yes
	}
} 

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = iron
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = {
	state_building = {
		level = 1
		building = artillery_factory
		upgrade = yes
	} 
}



owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = iron
life_rating = 35



owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = iron
life_rating = 35



owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS

add_core = UKR
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS

add_core = UKR
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS

add_core = UKR
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS

add_core = UKR
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = {
add_core = RUS
}

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS

trade_goods = fruit
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS

trade_goods = silk
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS

trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = {
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
}

owner = RUS
controller = RUS

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = {
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
}

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS

trade_goods = sulphur
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = { 
	add_core = RUS
}

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS

trade_goods = silk
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = iron
life_rating = 35



owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = iron
life_rating = 35



owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = iron
life_rating = 35



owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = sulphur
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = MGL
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 20

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 20
1861.1.1 = {
	fort = 1
	naval_base = 1
}

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = MGL
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = MGL
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = MCK
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

add_core = RUS
add_core = JAP
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
add_core = JAP
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
add_core = JAP
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
add_core = JAP
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = GEO
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = GEO
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = GEO
trade_goods = fruit
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = GEO
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = ARM
trade_goods = iron
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = ARM
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS

add_core = RUS
add_core = ARM
add_core = AZB
trade_goods = iron
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller =RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = ARM
trade_goods = iron
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = AZB
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = AZB
trade_goods = fruit
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS

add_core = RUS
add_core = AZB
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = AZB
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS

add_core = RUS
add_core = ARM
add_core = AZB
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = AZB
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35trade_goods = coal
add_core = RUS
life_rating = 25
1861.1.1 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	colonial = 2
}
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = iron
life_rating = 35



owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 25
1861.1.1 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	colonial = 2
}
trade_goods = opium
life_rating = 25
1861.1.1 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	colonial = 2
}
owner = MGL
controller = MGL
add_core = MGL
add_core = CHI
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 20

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 25
1861.1.1 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	colonial = 2
}
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 25
1861.1.1 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	colonial = 2
}
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15
1861.1.1 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	colonial = 2
}
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15
1861.1.1 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	colonial = 2
}
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 20

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 20

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 20

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 20

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 20

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 35

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 15
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = iron
life_rating = 15
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15
1861.1.1 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	colonial = 2
}
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 20

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 15
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 15
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 15

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 15
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 35

add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15
1861.1.1 = {
	owner = RUS
	controller = RUS
	colonial = 2
}

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = sulphur
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = MCK
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35

owner = SWE
controller = SWE
add_core = SWE
add_core = FIN
add_core = SWE
add_core = BLE
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 35
fort = 1
naval_base = 1owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = BLE
add_core = EST
add_core = UBD
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
fort = 1
naval_base = 2owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = BLE
add_core = EST
add_core = UBD
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = EST
add_core = BLE
add_core = UBD
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = EST
add_core = BLE
add_core = UBD
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = EST
add_core = UBD
add_core = BLE
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = LAT
add_core = BLE
add_core = UBD
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 35
naval_base = 1
#state_building = {
#	level = 1
#	building = glass_factory
#	upgrade = yes
#}
1861.1.1 = { 
	state_building = {
		level = 1
		building = glass_factory
		upgrade = yes
	} 
}owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = LAT
add_core = BLE
add_core = UBD
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS

controller = RUS
add_core = RUS

add_core = LAT
add_core = BLE
add_core = UBD

trade_goods = grain

life_rating = 35

1861.1.1 = { railroad = 2 }
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT
add_core = LAT
add_core = BLE
add_core = UBD
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = UBD
add_core = BLE
add_core = LAT
add_core = LIT
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT
add_core = UBD
add_core = BLE
add_core = LAT
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT

#add_core = POL

add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = { railroad = 2 }
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT

add_core = PLC

trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT


add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT

add_core = PLC

trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT

add_core = PLC

trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT


add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = MOL
controller = MOL
add_core = MOL
add_core = ROM
trade_goods = fruit
life_rating = 35
owner = MOL
controller = MOL
add_core = MOL
add_core = ROM
trade_goods = fruit
life_rating = 35
owner = MOL
controller = MOL
add_core = MOL
add_core = ROM
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = {
	controller = ROM
	owner = ROM
}owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = POL
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 40
state_building = {
	level = 1
	building = canned_food_factory
	upgrade = yes
}
1861.1.1 = { 
	state_building = {
		level = 1
		building = regular_clothes_factory
		upgrade = yes
	} 
}
1861.1.1 = { railroad = 3 }owner = PLC
controller = PLC

add_core = POL
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC

add_core = POL
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = fruit
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = { railroad = 3 }
owner = PLC
controller = PLC

add_core = POL
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC

add_core = POL
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = fruit
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = { railroad = 3 }
owner = PLC
controller = PLC

add_core = POL
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC

add_core = POL
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 39
1861.1.1 = { railroad = 3 }
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = POL
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 35
state_building = {
	level = 1
	building = steel_factory
	upgrade = yes
}owner = PLC
controller = PLC

add_core = POL
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 39
owner = PLC
controller = PLC

add_core = POL
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 39
1861.1.1 = { railroad = 3 }
owner = PLC
controller = PLC

add_core = POL
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 39
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT

add_core = BYE
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35
#state_building = {
#	level = 1
#	building = liquor_distillery
#	upgrade = yes
#}
owner = PLC
controller = PLC

add_core = POL
add_core = PLC
add_core = BYE
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT

add_core = PLC
add_core = BYE
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT

add_core = PLC
add_core = BYE
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT

#add_core = LIT

add_core = BYE
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT

add_core = BYE
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT

add_core = BYE
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT

add_core = BYE
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT

add_core = BYE
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
#add_core = PLC
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35
#state_building = {
#	level = 1
#	building = liquor_distillery
#	upgrade = yes
#}
1861.1.1 = { 
	state_building = {
		level = 1
		building = liquor_distillery
		upgrade = yes
	} 
}owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = BYE
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = LIT
add_core = RUS
add_core = BYE
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = LIT
add_core = RUS
add_core = BYE
trade_goods = wool
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = LIT
add_core = BYE
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = LIT
add_core = BYE
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = BYE
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = UKR
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 37
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = UKR
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 37
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = UKR
#add_core = POL
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 37
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = UKR
#add_core = POL
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 37
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = UKR
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 37
#state_building = {
#	level = 1
#	building = glass_factory
#	upgrade = yes
#}
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = UKR
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 37
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = UKR
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 37
owner = PLC
controller = PLC
add_core = UKR
add_core = PLC
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 37
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 37
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 37
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
add_core = CRI
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 37

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 37
naval_base = 1
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
add_core = CRI
trade_goods = iron
life_rating = 37



owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
add_core = CRI
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 37
naval_base = 2
fort = 1
1861.1.1 = {
	fort = 2
}

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 39
naval_base = 1
state_building = {
	level = 1
	building = clipper_shipyard
	upgrade = yes
}owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 37

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = fish
life_rating = 37

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
#add_core = PLC
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 37

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
#add_core = PLC
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 37

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 37

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 37

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 37

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 37

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 36

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 37
state_building = {
	level = 1
	building = steel_factory
	upgrade = yes
} 
1861.1.1 = { 
	state_building = {
		level = 1
		building = cement_factory
		upgrade = yes
	} 
}

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = coal
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
add_core = UKR
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 37

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = {
	naval_base = 1
}
owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = sulphur
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 15

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = cattle
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 40
naval_base = 2
fort = 1
railroad = 1
#state_building = {
#	level = 1
#	building = lumber_mill
#	upgrade = yes
#}
#state_building = {
#	level = 1
#	building = cement_factory
#	upgrade = yes
#}
state_building = {
	level = 1
	building = clipper_shipyard
	upgrade = yes
}
state_building = {
	level = 1
	building = artillery_factory
	upgrade = yes
}
state_building = {
	level = 1
	building = ammunition_factory
	upgrade = yes
}
1861.1.1 = { 
	state_building = {
		level = 1
		building = steamer_shipyard
		upgrade = yes
	} 
	state_building = {
		level = 2
		building = ammunition_factory
		upgrade = yes
	} 
	state_building = {
		level = 1
		building = small_arms_factory
		upgrade = yes
	} 
}
1861.1.1 = {
	railroad = 2
	fort = 2
	naval_base = 3
}

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = { railroad = 2 }

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = grain
life_rating = 35
1861.1.1 = { railroad = 2 }

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

owner = RUS
controller = RUS
add_core = RUS
trade_goods = timber
life_rating = 35

