# ANOTHER NORDIC WAR : 

After the defeat of Russia by the "Grande Armeee" and it's allies, Russia had to accept an humiliating peace treaty. It reintegrated the Continental system and ceded Finalnd + western land to PLC. 
Russia after this was in a poor shape. It had virtually no army, it's western land were either under PLC's occupation or suffering from the burnt earth tactics. It's economy collapsed after it rejoined the continental system and faced huge internal problem. 

Indeed, separatism was strong, specially in Estonia and Latvia whom the Swedish government was secretly offering help to. And in 1820, after a particularly bad harvest season, the Baltics people were starving and launched a rebellion against the Russian oppressor. They managed to secure ports to receive Swedish supply and to form somewhat of an army. But after the initial success, Russia sent it's professional army to deal with this revolt. Sensing that the tide turning, Sweden, using the excuses of sending food to feed the local population, seized the port as Russian army was closing in. Riga and the Island of Ösel fell without a fight and the local population was rejoiced to see that Sweden was coming to "help". 

The situation reached a stalemate in 1823, Russia was unable to completly defeat the revolt as it was using guerilla tactics but neither could the revolt push Russia out. Sweden, then, offered a solution. They would occupy the region and officialy make it Swedish state in exchange for money, as well as a guarantee that Sweden would not attack Russia. Having difficulties against other revolts and desesperatly needing money and guarantee, Alexandrer the 1st and Bernadotte signed a treaty at St Petersburg. But the Russian never forget that the Baltics were once theirs.

Under the Swedish rule, the Baltic state prospered. They were given a lot of autonomy and Sweden invested a lot to repare the damage caused by the famine.
But in 1834, Russia started to gather armies at the border of ex-Estonia. Sweden, at the time , was busy in Germany, trying to keep it's little grip on this region, as Austria and Prussia had finally recovered from the Napoleonic wars. They just annexed the merchant city of Lübeck and were dealing with the remaining of the 20 days revolts as well as managing a diplomatic crisis with Prussia.
So when Russia launched detachment of Cosacs into the Baltic region, the only thing Sweden could do was call upon a diplomatic summit with the regions power : PLC, Sweden and Russia. The weak Russia had recovered and was ready for war. Even though PLC and Sweden were stronger than Russia, PLC just got out of the Galician crisis and wasn't sure about Austrian ambition. Thus, Sweden was practically left alone against Russia. 

And then, war was declared, the 21st August of 1835. Russia sent the 2 armies it had against Latvia and Estonia to occupy and destroy the port as soon as possible to prevent any Swedish landing. But it was late in the campaign season and supply was getting harder to find and move. But it also helped Russia siege down faster as the population didn't have that much food in the winter and they moved into Ösel using an ice bridge. At the same time, Valmiera was capptured and the City of Riga was in sight.

But the Swedes reacted with typical speed and the aging Bernadotte still had many surprise for the Russia. He quickly moved the army stationned in Russia in Estonia using the supperiority of the Swedish fleet and unbeknown to the Russian general Galriov, 2 Swedish armies arrived at Pärnu in late november while another moved from Liepaja to try to encircle the Russian army.
The Russian had 60k+ men in Valmiera and were still sacking the city when 2 Swedish armies where spotted north. Believing it to be an equal fight and still being influenced by the recent Russian victory, Galriov didn't took the time to check the field and simply put it's army in a classic battle formation.
The 2 armies clashed north of Valmiera and it seemed the forces were evenly matched. But when it'news arrived that a third Swedish army was approching south of their position, the general staff lost it's commanding capacity and slowly, the russian army disintegrated, losing 30 000 men to inguries, spoutanous surrender and desertion. In the Chaos, Galriov was shot by a canon ball and it's Lieutenant, Yuri, could only sent a messenger to the 5. Line Corps stationned in Pskov before we was forced to retreat west, toward Riga. 

Bernadotte still using what he learned during the Napoleonic campaign used that to sent an army to Jalvaga and another, with him at the lead, in Dorpat to make sure that the Russia army was encircled and that any reinforcement would bee stopped.
In the meantime, we had sent the fleet to destroy any attempt of the 1st Russian Line corps to retreat from Ösel by blowing up the ice bridge. The Swedish fleet then returned to Stockolm to supply and load everything needed to fight in the Baltic.

In late december 1835, the Russian Emperor sent an emissary to Stockolm to discuss term. Even though the Swedes inflicted a devastating blow to the Russian army, Estonia was falling into Russian hand and a lot of reinforcment were coming from Russia, 2 armies already spotted in Pskov and St Petersburg. Russia was confident in it's victory.
The good new for Sweden came the 30th December when PLC offered them help against Russia as the Galician crisis finally ended. All PLC was asking is Sweden to hold 3 month...