NLR Lore :
German Lore :

Early Lore :

Following the defeat of Russia, The myriad of German kingdoms, principalities, leagues, duchies and other states fell further under the control of the French Empire. The Provinces of the Confederation of the Rhine came under direct French Control, as Napoleon was capable of holding down any possible revolt led by the Lords. France also gave the Kingdom of Westphalia to Marshal Ney, whose reputation in Russia made him a good replacement for the unpopular Jerome Napoleon, even acclaimed by the local population. France also gave it’s north german territory to Westphalia, freeing troops for the Spanish civil war and avoiding local unrest. The title of Prince-Primate was also handed to Marshal Michel Ney, to the protest of the German Nobles who saw him as a product of the french revolution and unfit to rule a kingdom and furthermore, he wasn’t a german, reinforcing the feeling that the confederation was nothing more than a french puppet. With the French grip tightened, their autonomy, and any possibility for a revolt, was significantly hampered.	

Meanwhile, to the East, Prussia under Frederick Wilhelm III had remained loyal, if only by force, to Napoleon throughout the campaign in Russia, yet had not earned the trust of the Emperor. The 30,000 man Corps under Marshall Eugene’s (the Emperor’s Stepson) subordinate, Augreau, that had occupied Berlin for most of the war was doubled in size to ensure the loyalty of the Prussians and keep the King in check. The Prussians would remain loyal, for the rest of Frederick III’s reign, with Von Clausewitz and Blucher continuing to serve as the Chiefs of Staff of the state up until their deaths, both eager and waiting for the moment their King finally grew the courage to throw off his French shackles, a moment that never came for them.

Overall, the German states were eager to free themselves from French control but had to rebuild after 20 years of war. Moreover, they still had to give France men to serve in Spain and to respect the continental system, even though they were promised economic help after peace was established in Europe.

Middle Lore:

Over the years the German Nobles grew more and more rebellious towards the French Lordship over their lands, and with the death of Napoleon in 1821 and Ney in 1824 the First Rhine Revolution (1824-1831) occurred. The young Napoleon II was reliant on a regency council, of backstabbing marshals and crooked politicians, to put down the revolt. The inefficiency of the council led to a brutal and protracted conflict costing 1000s of lives, before the revolutionaries were finally put to rest. Joseph Napoleon Ney, the son of Marshal Michel Ney (named after the late Emperor), would be granted the title of Prince-Primate and be coronated the King of Westphalia, however, he lacked the loyalty his father held to the French Empire and would slowly work to further remove himself and his vassals from the rule of Paris.

By 1834 little French Influence was left within the realm of the Confederation of the Rhine and Duke Joseph I would be acting almost entirely independently of the French Empire, being a vassal in name only. The other member states, while displeased with Joseph’s rule, were glad to finally be free of Napoleonic domination.

With French influence in Germany in steady decline, Sweden, Denmark and PLC were tasked to make sure that Prussia and Austria stayed in place. It gave the final legitimacy needed for Denmark to annex the state of Holstein and both Sweden and PLC saw this as a way to increase their own power. Sweden thus started a diplomatic journey in North Germany, trying to create a northern co prosperity sphere. It was seeking it’s past glory and a place among the so-called great powers. However, they soon realized that they lacked the power projection to establish this economic sphere and the only real success they got out of it was the subjugation of the merchant city of Lübeck in 1825, a demand by the local merchants themselves, fearing Prussian and Danish intervention. 
East of this, PLC was dealing with both Austria and Prussia. Contrary to Sweden and Denmark, seeking their own interest, PLC was loyal to Napoleon, without whom, it wouldn’t exist. Plus, their king, Joseph-Antoine Poniatowski, had served under Napoleon and was a national hero. He managed to reorganize its administration and army and by 1824, PLC’s army was a great force of 120,000 men, a minimal army that was enforced in PLC’s new law (a law installed by Poniatowski). Most of this formidable army was stationed on the western part, Russia being too busy with revolts and other internal problems.

Meanwhile, the Prussians took advantage of the chaotic state of the West and began planning their own revolution. Upon the death of Frederick Wilhelm III, from ill health in 1825, his son Frederick Wilhelm IV ascended to the throne. Far more ambitious, courageous and stubborn than his father he appointed the last remaining Marshal of the Old Guard, Yorck, now a decrepit old man, as the Chief of Staff of the Prussian Military, a position Yorck had waited many years for.

The Treaty of Tilsit (1807) reduced the size of the Prussian military to 42,000 men and with an approximate of 60,000 of Napoleon’s troops in Berlin alone, following the defeat of Russia, any hope of military victory was considered a lost cause. This changed over time, however, as the French suffered heavy casualties in the Spanish Civil War men were called from the forces occupying Prussia to the front-line, then came the doomed revolutions in the Rhine and the tensions between Russia, Sweden and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, Yorck’s appointment and Frederick III’s death proving to be the final ingredients required for a Prussian revolt.

On the 4th of May 1826 the first shot was fired, by Yorck personally, when he, allegedly, entered the office of Augreau, with a loaded pistol and shot him dead. Flanked by a group of Prussian Grenadiers they took over the French Consulate and tore down the flag, proclaiming to all that the revolution had begun. The limited size of Prussia’s forces had come with the advantage of forcing the Marshals to only select the most elite of Prussia’s men to serve within the ranks of the military, meanwhile, all that remained of France’s troops within Prussia was the bottom of the barrel, with all the experienced troops being stationed in Spain or the Rhine. The “Noir Deces” as the Prussian Army would come to be known, forced the French to retreat out of Berlin to their garrison in Dresden. They would return with reinforcements, culminating in the Battle of Potsdam, a crushing defeat that France had little hope of winning, the Prussian outnumbering the French 3 to 1.

Sweden, Denmark and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, immediately deployed a military intervention, however, the Prussians had recieved “volunteers” and supplies from Austria, something they would deny, alongside beginning a mass mobilization much to the dismay of the French. The Prussian Army managed several outstanding victories at Schliessen, Breslau and against a naval invasion at Rostock by the Swedes. However, this was a war of attrition they could not hope to win, especially against the outstanding strength of the PLC which at the time held the most superior military forces in Eastern Europe. Entering negotiations while still holding the upper hand the Prussians managed to secure their independence in exchange for offering a retinue of 30,000 men to put down the First Rhine Revolution, alongside entering a mutual defensive alliance with Sweden and the PLC against Austria, recognising Lubeck as a Swedish Vassal and renouncing all claims on non-German PLC Lands.. While aiding their former enemies in crushing their fellow Germans was met with much opposition it was mostly understood as a necessary evil.



Late Lore :

With the Prussian abandoning the city of Lübeck, it was slowly getting more and more into Swedish hands, having it’s local garrison being replaced by Swedish troops and it’s administration and laws validated by Sweden. 
In early 1833, Sweden asked the local parliament to agree on an annexation by the Swedes. Of course, they were all Swedish merchants and agreed. But the local population felt abandoned and didn’t want this foreign country to be their new leader. One popular and rich merchant, Karl Zimmerman, knew that Prussia held a grudge against Sweden and contacted a Prussian friend of his, general Yorck. 
When Yorck received the letter, he immediately started to prepare weapons and supplies to be delivered to the Lübeckian resistance. He also urged the army to stay alert in case his operation was discovered by Sweden.
The Prussians would play their hands carefully with Yorck covertly sending aid and supplies to the rebels. However, during the summer of 1834, the Moscow conference redid Europe’s politics. 
Soon after, Prussia made sure that one of it’s supply wagons got discovered by Sweden, sparking a diplomatic tension between the two nations. 
Sweden bringed on of it’s army in the region and it’s the time the 20 days revolt (the name given to the Lübeckian revolt due to its length) fired. The Swedish army was in the middle of the fight and they didn’t hesitate to use force in order to put down the revolt. It was a true bloodbath but Sweden lost the initiative as its army was stuck and Prussia began to pressure Sweden. They asked for the province of Stralsund to be handed to them as compensation for the soldier dead against the Rhein revolt.
The two countries were evenly matched and it’s only because of France's direct involvement after years of diplomatic silence in the area that Prussia and Sweden didn’t go to war. Prussia could only watch as the Swedish army left for the Baltics in 1835, unable to benefit from the situation.

But Yorck would die happy, to see Prussia free, on December 31st 1835. With the fate of Prussia left in the hands of its’ King alone, how will he fare without his trusty Marshal…

Baltic Lore :

After the defeat of Russia by the "Grande Armee" and its allies, Russia had to accept a humiliating peace treaty. It reintegrated the Continental system and ceded Finland + western land to PLC. Russia after this was in a poor shape. It had virtually no army, it's western land was either under PLC's occupation or suffering from the burnt earth tactics. It's economy collapsed after it rejoined the continental system and faced huge internal problems.
Indeed, separatism was strong, especially in Estonia and Latvia whom the Swedish government was secretly offering help to. And in 1820, after a particularly bad harvest season, the Baltics people were starving and launched a rebellion against the Russian oppressor. They managed to secure ports to receive Swedish supply and to form somewhat of an army. But after the initial success, Russia sent it's professional army to deal with this revolt. Sensing that the tide was turning, Sweden, using the excuse of sending food to feed the local population, seized the port as the Russian army was closing in. Riga and the Island of Ösel fell without a fight and the local population rejoiced to see that Sweden was coming to "help".
The situation reached a stalemate in 1823, Russia was unable to completely defeat the revolt as it was using guerilla tactics but neither could the revolt push Russia out. Sweden, then, offered a solution. They would occupy the region and officially make it Swedish state in exchange for money, as well as a guarantee that Sweden would not attack Russia. Having difficulties against other revolts and desperately needing money and guarantee, Alexandrer the 1st and Bernadotte signed a treaty at St Petersburg. But the Russians never forget that the Baltics were once theirs.
Under Swedish rule, the Baltic state prospered. They were given a lot of autonomy and Sweden invested a lot to repair the damage caused by the famine. But in 1834, Russia started to gather armies at the border of ex-Estonia. Sweden, at the time , was busy in Germany, trying to keep it's little grip on this region, as Austria and Prussia had finally recovered from the Napoleonic wars. They just annexed the merchant city of Lübeck and were dealing with the remaining of the 20 days revolts as well as managing a diplomatic crisis with Prussia. So when Russia launched detachment of Cosacs into the Baltic region, the only thing Sweden could do was call upon a diplomatic summit with the region's power : PLC, Sweden and Russia. The weak Russia had recovered and was ready for war. Even though PLC and Sweden were stronger than Russia, PLC just got out of the Galician crisis and wasn't sure about Austrian ambition. Thus, Sweden was practically left alone against Russia.
And then, war was declared, the 21st August of 1835. Russia sent the 2 armies it had against Latvia and Estonia to occupy and destroy the port as soon as possible to prevent any Swedish landing. But it was late in the campaign season and supply was getting harder to find and move. But it also helped Russia siege down faster as the population didn't have that much food in the winter and they moved into Ösel using an ice bridge. At the same time, Valmiera was captured and the City of Riga was in sight.
But the Swedes reacted with typical speed and the aging Bernadotte still had many surprises for Russia. He quickly moved the army stationed in Russia to Estonia using the superiority of the Swedish fleet and unbeknown to the Russian general Galriov, 2 Swedish armies arrived at Pärnu in late november while another moved from Liepaja to try to encircle the Russian army. The Russian had 60k+ men in Valmiera and were still sacking the city when 2 Swedish armies were spotted north. Believing it to be an equal fight and still being influenced by the recent Russian victory, Galriov didn't take the time to check the field and simply put it's army in a classic battle formation. The 2 armies clashed north of Valmiera and it seemed the forces were evenly matched. But when news arrived that a third Swedish army was approaching south of their position, the general staff lost it's commanding capacity and slowly, the Russian army disintegrated, losing 30 000 men to injuries, spontaneous surrender and desertion. In the Chaos, Galriov was shot by a cannonball and it's Lieutenant, Yuri, could only send a messenger to the 5. Line Corps stationed in Pskov before being forced to retreat west, toward Riga.
Bernadotte, still using what he learned during the Napoleonic campaign used that to send an army to Jalvaga and another, with him at the lead, in Dorpat to make sure that the Russian army was encircled and that any reinforcement would be stopped. In the meantime, we had sent the fleet to destroy any attempt of the 1st Russian Line corps to retreat from Ösel by blowing up the ice bridge. The Swedish fleet then returned to Stockholm to supply and load everything needed to fight in the Baltic.
In late december 1835, the Russian Emperor sent an emissary to Stockholm to discuss terms. Even though the Swedes inflicted a devastating blow to the Russian army, Estonia was falling into Russian hands and a lot of reinforcements were coming from Russia, 2 armies already spotted in Pskov and St Petersburg. Russia was confident in its victory. The good news for Sweden came the 30th December when PLC offered them help against Russia as the Galician crisis finally ended. All PLC was asking is Sweden to hold 3 month...

Eastern Lore :

Poland Lore :

	Following the treaty of Tilsit in 1807, the Duchy of Warsaw was created. It was a small country focused around the city of Warsaw, created in the ashes of the Prussian kingdom. 
It was Loyal to Napoleon and one of it’s noblemen, Joseph Poniatowski, even got promoted to general in the “Grande Armee”. He was remarked upon by Napoleon and was among those who departed for Russia in 1812. As said previously, this campaign saw many desertions but was ultimately successful when the Russian army was crushed at Borodino and St Petersbourg taken by the Swedes.
The duchy of Poland gained vast lands in the East, making it one of the big European countries. Because of his success in Russia and loved by his people, Napoleon promoted Poniatowski to Marshall and was given the vast land of Poland to govern.

Poniatowski proved to be an excellent ruler who admired Napoleon and did in Poland what Napoleon did in France. But the problems were much bigger and when 1814 arrived, he quickly realised that a famine was coming. Due to his high relation with France and Napoleon, he managed to get financial and supply help, managing a bigger contribution by Poland to the war effort against Spain and the United Kingdom. Some revolts were to be spotted in the ex-Russian lands but nothing that couldn’t be dealt with.
He then organised the country into a real functioning state, quickly formed a professional army and the bases for stability. For instance, he applied the Code Civil in Poland, improved equality and took economic measures to avoid another famine. He also encouraged science all over the country, creating a network of universities, specially tied with new ones created in France, reinforcing technological sharing between the two countries, believing that it could be the best way to improve Polish lives. Finally, he gave more liberty to the lithuanian population, who accepted it’s rule and gave him the crown of Lithuania, enabling the return of the famous Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, an entity that ruled over Eastern Europe for 300 years.
By 1825, he also enacted a law that forced PLC to have a standing army of at least 120 000 men, as a nation that was encircled by enemies. 
What he did in such a short amount of time was so great that Napoleon, remarqued : “Poniatowski, what a man ! Give him a farm and he will turn it into a gold mine !”. He was also notorious for being called the “Eastern Napoleon”.
However, as every good thing had an end, he died the 23 July of 1828, but not before dealing with Prussian action in 1826 and 1827. 

His son, Napoléon Poniatowski (named after the French emperor and friend of Joseph Poniatowski), would continue his father's legacy. Proving to be another excellent ruler, he pursued friendship with France but the beginning of his reign was marked by the return of Russia’s influence. The giant that had been defeated in 1812 had finally healed its wound and was getting back on its feet. Furthermore, Austria’s ambitions seemed uncertain. 
Standing up to his father's reputation, he reacted by reorganizing the northern alliance (Sweden, Denmark and Poland) and even went to visit the Ottoman Sultan, gaining the guarantee that if Austria were at war with Poland, the Ottomans would join them and attack Austria in the Balkans.
He allowed the liberty of religion in Poland, gaining the trust of the Jewish people there to finally feel at home. He also witnessed the beginning of industrialisation and reacted by financing science even more, understanding the importance of it. He also continued his father's project to invest into education.
He also incited a Polish revolt in East Galicia, after receiving a letter about the Polish condition there and hoping to force an intervention and gain the land. Thus, he gave quantities of material to the population and 20 000 polish patriots rose up. But Austria had anticipated such action for a long time and reacted quickly. They surrounded the uprising army and forced them to surrender while making sure Poland was not able to justify an intervention by any means. Tension then rose between the two countries and it’s only because of the outbreak of the baltic war that Poland agreed to a peaceful resolution.
Thus, in 1836, Poland is the center of all Eastern politics. It has adapted to the industrial revolution and is led by a strong leader. But it’s option is limited, Sweden is facing the powerful Russian Empire and there is no doubt that war is coming and the future of Poland will be played out on the battlefield, once again.


